# Statsly-Analytics
## Task 2 - Exploratory Data Analysis on Superstore Data

#####     The goal of every supermarket is to make a profit. This is achieved when more goods are sold and the turnover is high. A major challenge to increasing sales of a supermarket lies in the ability of the manager to forecast sales patterns and know readily beforehand when to order and replenish inventories as well as plan for manpower and staff. The amount of sales data has steadily been on the increase in recent years and the ability to leverage this gold of data separates high-performing supermarkets from the others. One of the most valuable assets a supermarket can have been data generated by customers as they interact with various supermarkets.
##### Within these data, lies important patterns and variables that can be used by superstores to plan business strategies. Find out some interesting insights from the data provided to you and make a dashboard using any BI tool (such as Tableau, Power BI, etc). Make a summary report based on your analysis.

##### Linkedin Link - https://youtu.be/cg2x-SxJz_Q


## Task 3 - Pharmaceutical Drug Spending Analysis

##### Pharmaceutical spending covers expenditure on prescription medicines and self-medication often referred to as over-the-counter products. In some countries, other medical non-durable goods are also included. Pharmaceuticals consumed in hospitals and other health care settings are excluded. Final expenditure on pharmaceuticals includes wholesale and retail margins and value-added tax. Total pharmaceutical spending refers in most countries to “net” spending, i.e., adjusted for possible rebates payable by manufacturers, wholesalers, or pharmacies. This indicator is measured as a share of total health spending, in USD per capita (using economy-wide PPPs) and as a share of GDP.

##### Within these data, lies important patterns and variables that can be used by pharmaceutical companies to plan business strategies. Find out some interesting insights from the data provided to you and make a dashboard using any BI tool (such as Tableau, Power BI, etc.). Make a summary report based on your analysis.

##### Linkedin Link - https://youtu.be/cg2x-SxJz_Q


## Task 4 - Diabetes Re-admission

##### As the healthcare system moves toward value-based care, CMS has created many programs to improve the quality of care of patients. One of these programs is called the Hospital Readmission Reduction Program (HRRP), which reduces reimbursement to hospitals with above-average readmissions. For those hospitals which are currently penalized under this program, one solution is to create interventions to provide additional assistance to patients with increased risk of readmission. But how do we identify these patients? We can use predictive modelling from data science to help prioritize patients.One patient population that is at increased risk of hospitalization and readmission is that of diabetes. Diabetes is a medical condition that affects approximately 1 in 10 patients in the United States. According to Ostling et al, patients with diabetes have almost double the chance of beinghospitalized than the general population (Ostling et al 2017).

##### Predict if a patient with diabetes will be readmitted to the hospital within 30 days. It contains 101,766 instances (patients) that are classified into three classes: 0 means no readmission, 1 means readmission in less than 30 days, and 2 means readmissions in more than 30 days.

##### Linkedin Link - https://youtu.be/cg2x-SxJz_Q


## Task 5 - Air Passengers Prediction

##### Airline industry has been growing at an outstanding rate with an annual growth rate about 6% worldwide in passenger load for the past decade. Airport transport industry around the globe has faced extreme challenge of handling high volumes of passengers due to the economy growth and most of them are already operating at 80% - 90% of their capacity in the recent year. The major clients - the airlines for the airport are also facing enormous pressure from the passengers to provide good services starting from the airport. Currently, the airport is using a fixed passengerload of Y% for all the airlines to predict the passenger flows for departure flights

##### This dataset provides monthly totals of a US airline passengers from 1949 to 1960.Use the different forecasting/Machine Learning techniques to predict the airlines passengers.

##### Linkedin Link - https://youtu.be/cg2x-SxJz_Q



## Task 6 - Wine Quality Prediction and Deployment

##### The red wine industry shows a recent exponential growth as social drinking is on the rise. Nowadays, industry players are using product quality certifications to promote their products. This is a time-consuming process and requires the assessment given by human experts, which makes this process very expensive.Also, the price of red wine depends on a rather abstract concept of wine appreciation by wine tasters, opinions among whom may have a high degree of variability. Another vital factor in red wine certification and quality assessment is physicochemical tests, which are laboratory-based and consider factors like acidity, pH level, sugar, and other chemical properties. The red wine market would be of interest if the human quality of tasting can be related to wine’s chemical properties so that certification and quality assessment and assurance processes are more controlled.


##### Determine which features are the best quality red wine indicators and generate insights into each of these factors to our model’s red wine quality. Predict the quality of wine on the basis of giving features. Deploy the model.

##### Linkedin Link - https://youtu.be/cg2x-SxJz_Q



## Task 7 - SQL-Online-store

